get more changes plus changes in the in
sevilla and perotti will leave but
you
approval of ramón sanchez pizjuán
about or for the Argentine player diego
perotti who has left a great first
part if what he did punished with the
versions in this season then
now that he starts to pick up the pace he has
that take care of the service a lot because it is
a player that grows very important to
perotti perote and perotti after
match that he did we already have it here with
we
diego good night as he finds you
man had already seen the images you see
the summary and a little bit of that moment was
very nice to see him again and what
happened louis I think it should happen to us
everyone at that time I had long
I was not lucky enough to leave a match
well, I had not cheered for a long time
I could enjoy playing without discomfort and
injuries and that people recognize it from
that way and that greater received from that
way is something very nice I think they are from
those things when you do not get tired I think that
they can pass 20 games and they shout at you
man I think it's not over
accustom and that you like and is a
immense joy the truth that I the other
day when I entered against the bilbao that
I also had a great knowledge that
I did not expect it for everything
but it had happened but when
in a situation like that when the
party maybe it was practically
finished with the 3 to 0 we had
done we had managed to do the
I work well and beat Espanyol
came from a direct rival and leave like this
with people shouting the name to one
more or less
then nodding it is giving a bit of
account above all good when it was learned
that jose was not going to arrive later when
in training he also had this
injury and van
even though it was not good if I knew
to play or not my chances
they increased because I had played against
the valladolid and inside then it was
like I had more chances but
peronas so that the mister did not give the
I chatted the day before at the hotel that gave
gave the equipment I did not know for sure
but good one more or less entirely to
the week then it's palpating what you're going
feeling but I tell you until he does not
gave the team no I do not know because I
now what I had most anxiety had
wanting to get the party had
desire to play came less way the 7
they take it from many, they told them that
people could take advantage to go
we come when every day at 9 a
10 o'clock on Mondays a Sunday at 7 o'clock
that people can enjoy it but
nothing was more that anxiety you want that
start as I said was a match
fundamental for us they came
with the same amount of points also
with the hopeful ones
enter Europe and it was a tough match
I think we got good work we could
to do more quiet I did not get used to
really to play both inside
always since I started
and started playing on the left I tend to
open I will play open always I
like that way and it was the teaching
it was always more play on the outside too
the team always used to Jesus
It was always a very game
of two very open bands and the coach
he gave me freedom and asked me to
start to put a little more and the day the
Valladolid directly in to play
more than half a cent more
advanced
and now that I feel good, it gives me more
possibilities not only to play open
sometimes you put two men already
determines you can not do much but
when in the middle I have more
possibilities and he gives me freedom that
yes it seems to me that that is the goal the
only goal that we have that we have
tax within the locker room from the
beginning of season our goal
it was always the champions and good and
mathematically this one is practically
impossible so the only thing that remains
It is to win all four remaining games
Away win again also
is a fundamental objective to be able
get to europe
but if the uefa has to be we have
to play next year if we
do outside what we are doing
at home and win the matches with with
so much clarity with as early as impetus
it seems to me that we would have had many
better results
we lack maybe that intensity outside
that aggressiveness that
that luckily we still have the
opportunity to achieve the objectives
despite not having made a season
very regular and we have to start the
Sunday with Malaga because if not this
we are dropped because